Revise LDAP Home Connector (#4297)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/enterprise/external_storage/ldap_home_connector_configuration.adoc

== Introduction

The {oc-marketplace-url}/apps/files_ldap_home[LDAP Home Connector] app enables you to configure your ownCloud server to display your users’ Windows home directories on the ownCloud Files pages view, just like any other folder.

Typically, Windows home directories are stored on a network server in a root folder, such as Home, which then contains individual folders for each user.

.Directory Structure User Home Share
----
Home
  user_1
  user_2
  ...
----

> The Windows home directory can be published as share and due to the permissions set, any user can only see his personal home folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows home directory can be published as a share and due to the permissions set, any user can only see his personal home folder.
```

> To integrate the users home folders from Windows into ownCloud, the Home share is locally mounted. An LDAP attribute is added to the users profile containing the path of the local mount and then used by the LDAP Home Connector to show the users home in ownCloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To integrate a user's home folder from Windows into ownCloud, the Home share is locally mounted. An LDAP attribute is added to the user's profile containing the path of the local mount and then used by the LDAP Home Connector to show the user's home in ownCloud.
```

 +------------------+                         +---------------------+
           ^                                            ^
           |                                            |
           v                                            v
   +----------------+                         +---------------------+
   |       AD       |                         |   LDAP Integration  |
   |                |                         |                     |
   |      LDAP      |<----------------------->|        LDAP         |
   +----------------+                         +---------------------+
                                                        ^
                                                        |
                                +-----------------------+
                                |
                                v
                        +----------------+
                        |    ownCloud    |
                        |                |
                        |   Files View   |
                        |                |
                        |    user home   |
                        +----------------+
----

== Prerequisites

> Following prerequisites are required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following prerequisites are required:
```

* Mounting cifs is available on the server where ownCloud is installed
* The {oc-marketplace-url}/apps/user_ldap[LDAP Integration] app is enabled and has a working LDAP/Active Directory configuration in ownCloud.

* The {oc-marketplace-url}/apps/files_ldap_home[LDAP Home Connector] app is installed.

== Configuration

The configuration is done in several steps:

. Mount the root Windows home directory to the ownCloud server
. Configure Active Directory/LDAP by adding a LDAP attribute to the user profile
. Use the LDAP Home Connector app to connect it to ownCloud

=== Mount the Home Directory

For enhanced security, create a file where the credentials are stored accessing the cifs share like:

`/etc/credentials`

with the username and password on separate lines, replacing the values according your setup:

[source,text]
----
username=winhomeuser
password=winhomepassword
----

> Create an entry in `/etc/fstab` for the remote Windows root home directory mount and use the credentials file created above, substitute and adopt your parameters and filenames:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an entry in `/etc/fstab` for the remote Windows root home directory mount and use the credentials file created above, substitute and adapt your parameters and filenames:
```

[source,text]
----
//192.168.1.58/home /mnt/share/users cifs credentials=/etc/credentials,uid=33,gid=33
----

=== Configure the LDAP Server

> In Active Directory, open the user profile. Scroll to the *Extensions* section and open the *Attribute Editor* tab

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Active Directory, open the user profile. Scroll to the *Extensions* section and open the *Attribute Editor* tab.
```

image:enterprise/external_storage/ldap-home-connector/ldap-home-connector-2.png[Active Directory Attribute editor.]

> Use any LDAP attribute that is not already in use (UserSharedFolder in this instance), and click *Edit*. Enter the users home directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use any LDAP attribute that is not already in use (UserSharedFolder in this instance) and click *Edit*. Enter the user's home directory.
```

image:enterprise/external_storage/ldap-home-connector/ldap-home-connector-3.png[Editing the LDAP attribute.]

Save your changes.

=== Configure the LDAP Home Connector

* Enable the LDAP Home Connector app.
* Go to the LDAP Home Connector form on your ownCloud admin page. In the *Display folder as:* field enter the name as you want it to appear on your users’ File pages.
* In the *Attribute name:* field enter the LDAP attribute name from above that contains the home directory and press btn:[Save].

image:enterprise/external_storage/ldap-home-connector/ldap-home-connector-1.png[LDAP Home Connector configuration.]

> The Windows users home directory is now available to the user when he logs on in ownCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows users home directory is now available to the user when they log on in ownCloud.
```

I think we use "they" rather than "he" or "she" these days?

> The Windows users home directory is now available to the user when they log on in ownCloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Windows user's home directory is now available to the user when they log on in ownCloud.
```
